docs: small user guide for plugins (#113)
sapphiredev/plugins: packages/logger/README.md

---

## Usage
This registers the necessary options and methods in the Sapphire client to be able to use the log plugin.
```typescript
// Main bot file
import '@sapphire/plugin-logger/register';
```
To be able to use the Logger anywhere you first need to import the `containter` property from the `@Sapphire/framework` package.
```typescript
import { container } '@sapphire/plugin-logger';

export class MyAwesomeService {
	public printAwesomeLog() {
		container.logger.log('log message');
	}
}
```

> In the commands, the container is already injected into the extended class "command", therefore it is enough to use the method `this.container` to be able to access the Logger method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In pieces (commands, arguments, preconditions, etc.), the container is already available on the class as `this.container`. Therefore there is often no need to specifically import the container in such files to access the Logger methods.
```

```typescript
// ping command

import { Command, CommandOptions, PieceContext } from '@sapphire/framework';
import type { Message } from 'discord.js';

export class PingCommand extends Command {
	public constructor(context: PieceContext, options: CommandOptions) {
		super(context, {
			...options,
			description: 'ping pong'
		});
	}

	public async run(message: Message) {
		this.container.logger.warn('warning message');
	}
}
```

## Types of logs

> 1. debug

Reviewer: 1. trace
2. debug
3. info
4. warn
5. error
6. fatal

Remove write and adhere to this proper ascending order.

See https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework/blob/main/src/lib/utils/logger/Logger.ts#L14-L36

```typescript
// Main bot file
import '@sapphire/plugin-logger/register';
```

To be able to use the Logger anywhere you first need to import the `containter` property from the `@Sapphire/framework` package.

```typescript
import { container } '@sapphire/plugin-logger';

export class MyAwesomeService {
	public printAwesomeLog() {
		container.logger.log('log message');
	}
}
```

In pieces (commands, arguments, preconditions, etc.), the container is already available on the class as `this.container`. Therefore there is often no need to specifically import the container in such files to access the Logger methods.

```typescript
// ping command

import { Command, CommandOptions, PieceContext } from '@sapphire/framework';
import type { Message } from 'discord.js';

export class PingCommand extends Command {
	public constructor(context: PieceContext, options: CommandOptions) {
		super(context, {
			...options,
			description: 'ping pong'
		});
	}

	public async run(message: Message) {
		this.container.logger.warn('warning message');
	}
}
```

## Types of logs

1. trace
2. debug
3. info
4. warn
5. error
6. fatal

> > Example: `container.logger.debug("log debug message");`

Reviewer 2: Maybe make this use singlequotes for consistency?

Author: done. 📮

## Usage

This registers the necessary options and methods in the Sapphire client to be able to use the log plugin.

```typescript
// Main bot file

> // Be sure to register the plugin before logging in with the bot.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
// Be sure to register the plugin before instantiating the client.
```

import '@sapphire/plugin-logger/register';
```

> To be able to use the Logger anywhere you first need to import the `containter` property from the `@Sapphire/framework` package.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To be able to use the Logger anywhere you first need to import the `container` property from the `@Sapphire/framework` package.
```

> In order to use the Logger in any place other than a piece (commands, arguments, preconditions, etc.), you must first import the `container` property of the `@Sapphire/framework` package.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to use the Logger in any place other than a piece (commands, arguments, preconditions, etc.), you must first import the `container` property of `@sapphire/framework`. For pieces, you can simply use `this.container.logger` to access Logger methods.
```

```typescript

> import { container } '@sapphire/plugin-logger';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { container } from '@sapphire/plugin-logger';
```

export class MyAwesomeService {
	public printAwesomeLog() {

> 		container.logger.log('log message');

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
		container.logger.info('log message');
```

	}
}
```

> In pieces (commands, arguments, preconditions, etc.), the container is already available on the class as `this.container`. Therefore there is often no need to specifically import the container in such files to access the Logger methods.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that in pieces (commands, arguments, preconditions, etc.), the container is already available on the class as `this.container`, so there is typically no need to import the container to access the Logger methods from them.
```

Reviewer 3: As an aside, this should likely be above the prior example, starting with "In pieces". After that, you can prefix the example with "Elsewhere", instead of implying the container must be imported for use **anywhere** and then contradicting it with this note.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here is an example ping command, demonstrating the use of `this.container.logger` from within a piece by omitting the explicit import.

```

> Note that in pieces (commands, arguments, preconditions, etc.), the container is already available on the class as `this.container`, so there is typically no need to import the container to access the Logger methods from them.

Reviewer 3: Remove this line.

```typescript
// ping command

import { Command, CommandOptions, PieceContext } from '@sapphire/framework';
import type { Message } from 'discord.js';

export class PingCommand extends Command {
	public constructor(context: PieceContext, options: CommandOptions) {
		super(context, {
			...options,
			description: 'ping pong'
		});
	}

	public async run(message: Message) {
		this.container.logger.warn('warning message');
	}
}
```

## Types of logs

> 1. trace
> 2. debug
> 3. info
> 4. warn
> 5. error
> 6. fatal

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
1. `trace`
1. `debug`
1. `info`
1. `warn`
1. `error`
1. `fatal`
```

import '@sapphire/plugin-logger/register';
```

```typescript
import { container } '@sapphire/framework';
container.logger.log('log message');
```

```typescript

> // ping command

Reviewer 3: More context is required here for clarity.

Author: done.
